i reccomend for you to make a mod jake. its such good practice for working with all these systems. especially learning how to use/set up fpr success AI for code the best part is probably that you can play test it instantly with a crowd of willing participants who will have better ideas and solutions then you thought of. crowd sourced quality assurance.

you have been pretty quiet since our last game of repo, then you asked if ive ever been chris hansoned?

in that game we were playing this chick was getting dirty with me in proximity chat and I forgot i was still in our discord group chat.

did you think something else was going on?

that whole situation has led to me making this mod. why the hell does this game devolve into a virtual chat room? 21+? its a video game, it needs points, and pressure, and excitement. not people hiding under a bed preforming sodomy and talking about who is the sacrifice.

anyways, hope you are well. ive been depressed as hell. bought my ex tickets to an ashnikko concert here in seattle, hoping shed want to see me at least. and she barley even talked to me after she was here. My mom moved in with here huge boxer and maine coon cat. it such a hassle walking this damn dog he lunges at little kids.

I let my exs dad move in to sleep on the couch. really its to give my mom some company as she is losing her damn mind. and it hurts to see him sleeping in a tent. they are on two extremes of the political spectrum so that is interesting.

I wish I would have bought the damn ticket to come down and party with you guys. i pass up alot of shit in my life to survive. and maybe my priorities are screwed up.

slept all day, dreamt of my ex living in a polycule being happy. guess im happy for her. not really. I hope she cries too. shit really sucks and I hate continuing to be stuck on her.

maybe once im done bringing nazi zombies to r.e.p.o., i can bring r.e.p.o. to der riese. it seems that for any game we have access to the decompiled code, we can mode with claude. and people are also decompiling with ai, like old dos games, and im about to use it for a difficult n64 game. castlevainia 64. honestly one of my favorite games of all time. konami used some kind of special dynamic compiler that has made it difficult to emulate for years, and even wit th